###Chris Hitselberger
#### Project Description
This project shows my first web map! The project was created after the class exercise of drawing a trail and creating a web map with it. I thought about the local greenway in my hometown and thought that a path that I've walked before would make a good route to map. The title of the project name is MYWEBMAP because it is my first time creating my very own webmap with my own selected data. The title given to the map is 'Route from my neighborhood to my friends neighborhood via the greenway in Matthews, NC'. I avoided using my exact address and just chose a random spot in my neighborhood because this is going to be open to public view. Any information that is written in the description can be further looked into by clicking the hyperlinks to the various websites. The hyperlink encoded in 'Squirrel Lake Park' opens up a link with an image of the pond and fishing pier at the park. I also hyperlinked my own name to take the user to my wix website to make the map a more personable product and give the user an opportunity to see my catalog of GIS and Cartography work in the past. The basmap is from Leaflet and identified as 'Open Street Map France'. I chose this basemap because is is very light and also shows all of the urban features like roads and houses, which give my route greater detail and help the user visualize what the actual path is like on the ground. The route was drawn in google maps and the coordinates of each polyline from google maps were converted into a gpx file using MapstoGPX, which was then converted into a GeoJSON file and added to atom and given the name 'route.js' in order to be inserted into the HTML document and read as a javascript file.
